Update service-fabric-support.md (#105137)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-fabric/service-fabric-support.md

The `azure-service-fabric` tag on [StackOverflow][stackoverflow] is used for asking general questions about how the platform works and how you may use it to accomplish certain tasks.

## Service Fabric community Q & A schedule 

> Join community call on the following days to hear about new feature releases, key updates and get answers to the questions from SF team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join the community call on the following days to hear about new feature releases and key updates and get answers to the questions from the Service Fabric team.
```

| Schedule	| 
|---------	|

> | 30 Mar 2023 | 
> | 25 May 2023 |
> | 27 July 2023|
> | 28 Sept 2023| 
> | 25 Jan 2024	|
> | 28 Mar 2024 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| March 30, 2023 | 
| May 25, 2023 |
| July 27, 2023|
| September 28, 2023| 
| January 25, 2024	|
| March 28, 2024 |
```
